Update testing.md (#342)
NHSDigital/software-engineering-quality-framework: practices/testing.md

- **Quality is the whole team's responsibility**
  - Education on testing and testing principles should be important to the whole team.
  - Quality approaches should be driven as a team and implemented by everyone.

>   - Teams should consider running regular coaching / mentoring sessions to support colleagues who are less experienced in testing to grow their skills, for example by no-blame group discussions to identify edge-case tests which have so far been missed, tests positioned incorrectly in the [test pyramid](https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Teams should consider running regular coaching / mentoring sessions to support colleagues who are less experienced in testing to grow their skills, for example by no-blame group discussions to identify edge-case tests which have so far been missed, tests positioned incorrectly in the [test pyramid](https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html), and pairing with a tester navigating so that the driver learns the necessary skills.
```
